 Quantitative Measurements A. Risk-Management Measurements 1. Risk and Position Limits and Usage 

  56  Description:  For purposes of this appendix, Risk and Position Limits are the constraints that define the amount of risk that a trading desk is permitted to take at a point in time, as defined by the banking entity for a specific trading desk.  Usage represents the portion of the trading desks limits that are accounted for by the current activity of the desk.  Risk and position limits and their usage are key risk management tools used to control and monitor risk taking and include, but are not limited, to the limits set out in  __.4 and  __.5.  A number of the metrics that are described below, including Risk Factor Sensitivities and Value-at-Risk and Stress Value-at-Risk, relate to a trading desks risk and position limits and are useful in evaluating  and setting these limits in the broader context of the trading desks overall activities, particularly for the market making activities under  __.4(b) and hedging activity under  __.5.  Accordingly, the limits required under  __.4(b)(2)(iii) and  __.5(b)(1)(i)  must meet the applicable requirements under  __.4(b)(2)(iii) and  __.5(b)(1)(i) and also must include appropriate metrics for the trading desk limits including, at a minimum, the Risk Factor Sensitivities and Value-at-Risk and Stress Value-at-Risk metrics except to the extent any of the Risk Factor Sensitivities or Value-at-Risk and Stress Value-at-Risk metrics are demonstrably ineffective  for measuring and monitoring the risks of a trading desk based on the types of positions traded by, and risk exposures of, that desk.  General Calculation Guidance:  Risk and Position Limits must be reported in the format used by the banking entity for the purposes of risk management of each trading desk.  Risk and Position Limits are often expressed in terms of risk measures, such as VaR and Risk Factor Sensitivities, but may also be expressed in terms of other observable criteria, such as net open positions.  When criteria other than VaR or Risk Factor Sensitivities are used to define the Risk and Position Limits, both the value of the Risk and Position Limits and the value of the variables used to assess whether these limits have been reached must be reported.   Calculation Period: One trading day. Measurement Frequency: Daily

  2.  Risk Factor Sensitivities Description:  For purposes of this appendix, Risk Factor Sensitivities are changes in a trading desks Comprehensive Profit and Loss that are expected to occur in the event of a change in one or more underlying variables that are significant sources of the trading desks profitability and risk.  General Calculation Guidance:  A banking entity must report the Risk Factor Sensitivities that are monitored and managed as part of the trading desks overall risk management policy.  The underlying data and methods used to compute a trading desks Risk Factor Sensitivities will depend on the specific function of the trading desk and the internal risk management models employed.  The number and type of Risk Factor Sensitivities that are monitored and managed by a trading desk, and furnished to [Agency], will depend on the explicit risks assumed by the trading desk.  In general, however, reported Risk Factor Sensitivities must be sufficiently 

  57  granular to account for a preponderance of the expected price variation in the trading desks holdings.   Trading desks must take into account any relevant factors in calculating Risk Factor Sensitivities, including, for example, the following with respect to particular asset classes:  Commodity derivative positions:  risk factors with respect to the related commodities set out in 17 CFR 20.2, the maturity of the positions, volatility and/or correlation sensitivities (expressed in a manner that demonstrates any significant non-linearities), and the maturity profile of the positions;  Credit positions:  risk factors with respect to credit spreads that are sufficiently granular to account for specific credit sectors and market segments, the maturity profile of the positions, and risk factors with respect to interest rates of all relevant maturities;  Credit-related derivative positions:  risk factor sensitivities, for example credit spreads,   shifts (parallel and non-parallel) in credit spreads -- volatility, and/or correlation sensitivities (expressed in a manner that demonstrates any significant non-linearities), and the maturity profile of the positions;  Equity positions:  risk factors for equity prices and risk factors that differentiate between important equity market sectors and segments, such as a small capitalization equities and international equities;  Equity derivative positions:  risk factor sensitivities  such as equity positions, volatility, and/or correlation sensitivities (expressed in a manner that demonstrates any significant non-linearities), and the maturity profile of the positions;  Foreign exchange derivative positions:  risk factors with respect to major currency pairs and maturities,  exposure to interest rates at relevant maturities, volatility, and/or correlation sensitivities (expressed in a manner that demonstrates any significant non-linearities), as well as the maturity profile of the positions; and  Interest rate positions, including interest rate derivative positions:  risk factors with respect to major interest rate categories and maturities and volatility and/or correlation sensitivities (expressed in a manner that demonstrates any significant non-linearities), and shifts (parallel and non-parallel) in the interest rate curve, as well as the maturity profile of the positions.   The methods used by a banking entity to calculate sensitivities to a common factor shared by multiple trading desks, such as an equity price factor, must be applied consistently across its trading desks so that the sensitivities can be compared from one trading desk to another.   Calculation Period: One trading day. Measurement Frequency: Daily

  The comprehensive profit and loss associated with existing positions must reflect changes in the value of these positions on the applicable day.  The comprehensive profit and loss from existing positions must be further attributed, as applicable, to changes in (i) the specific Risk Factors and 

  59  other factors that are monitored and managed as part of the trading desks overall risk management policies and procedures; and (ii) any other applicable elements, such as cash flows, carry, changes in reserves, and the correction, cancellation, or exercise of a trade.    The comprehensive profit and loss attributed to new positions must reflect commissions and fee income or expense and market gains or losses associated with transactions executed on the applicable day.  New positions include purchases and sales of financial instruments and other assets/liabilities and negotiated amendments to existing positions.  The comprehensive profit and loss from new positions may be reported in the aggregate and does not need to be further attributed to specific sources.    The portion of comprehensive profit and loss that cannot be specifically attributed to known sources must be allocated to a residual category identified as an unexplained portion of the comprehensive profit and loss.  Significant unexplained profit and loss must be escalated for further investigation and analysis

  General Calculation Guidance:  The specific categories used by a trading desk in the attribution analysis and amount of detail for the analysis should be tailored to the type and amount of trading activities undertaken by the trading desk.  The new position attribution must be computed by calculating the difference between the prices at which instruments were bought and/or sold and the prices at which those instruments are marked to market at the close of business on that day multiplied by the notional or principal amount of each purchase or sale.  Any fees, commissions, or other payments received (paid) that are associated with transactions executed on that day must be added (subtracted) from such difference. These factors must be measured consistently over time to facilitate historical comparisons

    Calculation Period: One trading day. Measurement Frequency: Daily.  C. Customer-Facing Activity Measurements 5. Inventory Turnover Description:  For purposes of this appendix, Inventory Turnover is a ratio that measures the turnover of a trading desks inventory.  The numerator of the ratio is the absolute value of all transactions over the reporting period.  The denominator of the ratio is the value of the trading desks inventory at the beginning of the reporting period.   General Calculation Guidance:  For purposes of this appendix, for derivatives, other than options and interest rate derivatives, value means gross notional value, for options, value means delta adjusted notional value, and for interest rate derivatives, value means 10-year bond equivalent value.   Calculation Period: 30 days, 60 days, and 90 days. 

  6. Inventory Aging Description:  For purposes of this appendix, Inventory Aging generally describes a schedule of the trading desks aggregate assets and liabilities and the amount of time that those assets and liabilities have been held.  Inventory Aging should measure the age profile of the trading desks assets and liabilities

   General Calculation Guidance:  In general, Inventory Aging must be computed using a trading desks trading activity data and must identify the value of a trading desks aggregate assets and liabilities.  Inventory Aging must include two schedules, an asset-aging schedule and a liability-aging schedule

  Each schedule must record the value of assets or liabilities held over all holding periods.  For derivatives, other than options, and interest rate derivatives, value means gross notional value, for options, value means delta adjusted notional value and, for interest rate derivatives, value means 10-year bond equivalent value.   Calculation Period: One trading day. Measurement Frequency: Daily

