  B. Source-of-Revenue Measurements   4. Comprehensive Profit and Loss Attribution  Description:  For purposes of this appendix, Comprehensive Profit and Loss Attribution is an analysis that attributes the daily fluctuation in the value of a trading desks positions to various sources.  First, the daily profit and loss of the aggregated positions is divided into three categories: (i) profit and loss attributable to a trading desks existing positions that were also positions held by the trading desk as of the end of the prior day (existing positions); (ii) profit and loss attributable to new positions resulting from the current days trading activity (new positions); and (iii) residual profit and loss that cannot be specifically attributed to existing positions or new positions.  The sum of (i), (ii), and (iii) must equal the trading desks comprehensive profit and loss at each point in time.  In addition, profit and loss measurements must calculate volatility of comprehensive profit and loss (i.e., the standard deviation of the trading desks one-day profit and loss, in dollar terms) for the reporting period for at least a 30-, 60- and 90-day lag period, from the end of the reporting period, and any other period that the banking entity deems necessary to meet the requirements of the rule

  The comprehensive profit and loss associated with existing positions must reflect changes in the value of these positions on the applicable day.  The comprehensive profit and loss from existing positions must be further attributed, as applicable, to changes in (i) the specific Risk Factors and 

  59  other factors that are monitored and managed as part of the trading desks overall risk management policies and procedures; and (ii) any other applicable elements, such as cash flows, carry, changes in reserves, and the correction, cancellation, or exercise of a trade.    The comprehensive profit and loss attributed to new positions must reflect commissions and fee income or expense and market gains or losses associated with transactions executed on the applicable day.  New positions include purchases and sales of financial instruments and other assets/liabilities and negotiated amendments to existing positions.  The comprehensive profit and loss from new positions may be reported in the aggregate and does not need to be further attributed to specific sources.    The portion of comprehensive profit and loss that cannot be specifically attributed to known sources must be allocated to a residual category identified as an unexplained portion of the comprehensive profit and loss.  Significant unexplained profit and loss must be escalated for further investigation and analysis

  General Calculation Guidance:  The specific categories used by a trading desk in the attribution analysis and amount of detail for the analysis should be tailored to the type and amount of trading activities undertaken by the trading desk.  The new position attribution must be computed by calculating the difference between the prices at which instruments were bought and/or sold and the prices at which those instruments are marked to market at the close of business on that day multiplied by the notional or principal amount of each purchase or sale.  Any fees, commissions, or other payments received (paid) that are associated with transactions executed on that day must be added (subtracted) from such difference. These factors must be measured consistently over time to facilitate historical comparisons

    Calculation Period: One trading day. Measurement Frequency: Daily.  C. Customer-Facing Activity Measurements 5. Inventory Turnover Description:  For purposes of this appendix, Inventory Turnover is a ratio that measures the turnover of a trading desks inventory.  The numerator of the ratio is the absolute value of all transactions over the reporting period.  The denominator of the ratio is the value of the trading desks inventory at the beginning of the reporting period.   General Calculation Guidance:  For purposes of this appendix, for derivatives, other than options and interest rate derivatives, value means gross notional value, for options, value means delta adjusted notional value, and for interest rate derivatives, value means 10-year bond equivalent value.   Calculation Period: 30 days, 60 days, and 90 days. 

  6. Inventory Aging Description:  For purposes of this appendix, Inventory Aging generally describes a schedule of the trading desks aggregate assets and liabilities and the amount of time that those assets and liabilities have been held.  Inventory Aging should measure the age profile of the trading desks assets and liabilities

   General Calculation Guidance:  In general, Inventory Aging must be computed using a trading desks trading activity data and must identify the value of a trading desks aggregate assets and liabilities.  Inventory Aging must include two schedules, an asset-aging schedule and a liability-aging schedule

