  Each schedule must record the value of assets or liabilities held over all holding periods.  For derivatives, other than options, and interest rate derivatives, value means gross notional value, for options, value means delta adjusted notional value and, for interest rate derivatives, value means 10-year bond equivalent value.   Calculation Period: One trading day. Measurement Frequency: Daily

  7. Customer-Facing Trade Ratio  Trade Count Based and Value Based Description:  For purposes of this appendix, the Customer-Facing Trade Ratio is a ratio comparing (i) the transactions involving a counterparty that is a customer of the trading desk to (ii) the transactions involving a counterparty that is not a customer of the trading desk.  A trade count based ratio must be computed that records the number of transactions involving a counterparty that is a customer of the trading desk and the number of transactions involving a counterparty that is not a customer of the trading desk.  A value based ratio must be computed that records the value of transactions involving a counterparty that is a customer of the trading desk and the value of transactions involving a counterparty that is not a customer of the trading desk.   General Calculation Guidance: For purposes of calculating the Customer-Facing Trade Ratio, a counterparty is considered to be a customer of the trading desk if the counterparty is a market participant that makes use of the banking entitys market making-related services by obtaining such services, responding to quotations, or entering into a continuing relationship with respect to such services.  However, a trading desk or other organizational unit of another banking entity would not be a client, customer, or counterparty of the trading desk if the other entity has trading assets and liabilities of $50 billion or more as measured in accordance with __.20(d)(1) unless the trading desk documents how and why a particular trading desk or other organizational unit of the entity should be treated as a client, customer, or counterparty of the trading desk.  Transactions conducted anonymously on an exchange or similar trading facility that permits trading on behalf of a broad range of market participants would be considered transactions with 

  61  customers of the trading desk.  For derivatives, other than options, and interest rate derivatives, value means gross notional value, for options, value means delta adjusted notional value, and for interest rate derivatives, value means 10-year bond equivalent value

 Calculation Period: 30 days, 60 days, and 90 days

