  Board of directors, or similar corporate body, and senior management. The board of directors, or similar corporate body, and senior management are responsible for setting and communicating an appropriate culture of compliance with section 13 of the BHC Act and this part and ensuring that appropriate policies regarding the management of trading activities and covered fund activities or investments are adopted to comply with section 13 of the BHC Act and this part.  The board of directors or similar corporate body (such as a designated committee of the board or an equivalent governance body) must ensure that senior management is fully capable, qualified, and properly motivated to manage compliance with this part in light of the organizations business activities and the expectations of the board of directors.  The board of directors or similar corporate body must also ensure that senior management has established appropriate incentives and adequate resources to support compliance with this part, including the implementation of a compliance program meeting the requirements of this appendix into management goals and compensation structures across the banking entity

    Senior management. Senior management is responsible for implementing and enforcing the approved compliance program.  Senior management must also ensure that effective corrective action is taken when failures in compliance with section 13 of the BHC Act and this part are identified.  Senior management and control personnel charged with overseeing compliance with section 13 of the BHC Act and this part should review the compliance program for the banking entity periodically and report to the board, or an appropriate committee thereof, on the effectiveness of the compliance program and compliance matters with a frequency appropriate to the size, scope, and risk profile of the banking entitys trading activities and covered fund activities or investments, which shall be at least annually.  CEO attestation.  Based on a review by the CEO of the banking entity, the CEO of the banking entity must, annually, attest in writing to [Agency] that the banking entity has in place 

  71  processes to establish, maintain, enforce, review, test and modify the compliance program established under this Appendix and  __.20 of this part in a manner reasonably designed to achieve compliance with section 13 of the BHC Act and this part.  In the case of a U.S. branch or agency of a foreign banking entity, the attestation may be provided for the entire U.S. operations of the foreign banking entity by the senior management officer of the United States operations of the foreign banking entity who is located in the United States

