  69   Monitoring for and preventing any relationship or transaction between the banking entity and a covered fund that is prohibited under  __.14, including where the banking entity has been designated as the sponsor, investment manager, investment adviser, or commodity trading advisor to a covered fund by another banking entity; and  Appropriate management review and supervision across legal entities of the banking entity to ensure that services and products provided by all affiliated entities comply with the limitation on services and products contained in  __.14.  Remediation of violations. The banking entitys compliance program must be reasonably designed and established to effectively monitor and identify for further analysis any covered fund activity or investment that may indicate potential violations of section 13 of the BHC Act or this part and to prevent actual violations of section 13 of the BHC Act and this part.  The banking entitys compliance program must describe procedures for identifying and remedying violations of section 13 of the BHC Act and this part, and must include, at a minimum, a requirement to promptly document, address and remedy any violation of section 13 of the BHC Act or this part, including  __.21, and document all proposed and actual remediation efforts.  The compliance program must include specific written policies and procedures that are reasonably designed to assess the extent to which any activity or investment indicates that modification to the banking entitys compliance program is warranted and to ensure that appropriate modifications are implemented.  The written policies and procedures must provide for prompt notification to appropriate management, including senior management and the board of directors, of any material weakness or significant deficiencies in the design or implementation of the compliance program of the banking entity.  III. Responsibility and Accountability for the Compliance Program  A banking entity must establish, maintain, and enforce a governance and management framework to manage its business and employees with a view to preventing violations of section 13 of the BHC Act and this part.  A banking entity must have an appropriate management framework reasonably designed to ensure that: appropriate personnel are responsible and accountable for the effective implementation and enforcement of the compliance program; a clear reporting line with a chain of responsibility is delineated; and the compliance program is reviewed periodically by senior management.  The board of directors (or equivalent governance body) and senior management should have the appropriate authority and access to personnel and information within the organizations as well as appropriate resources to conduct their oversight activities effectively.     Corporate governance. The banking entity must adopt a written compliance program approved by the board of directors, an appropriate committee of the board, or equivalent governance body, and senior management.  Management procedures. The banking entity must establish, maintain, and enforce a governance framework that is reasonably designed to achieve compliance with section 13 of the BHC Act and this part, which, at a minimum, provides for:  The designation of appropriate senior management or committee of senior management with authority to carry out the management responsibilities of the 

  70  banking entity for each trading desk and for each organizational unit engaged in covered fund activities;  Written procedures addressing the management of the activities of the banking entity that are reasonably designed to achieve compliance with section 13 of the BHC Act and this part, including: o A description of the management system, including the titles, qualifications, and locations of managers and the specific responsibilities of each person with respect to the banking entitys activities governed by section 13 of the BHC Act and this part; and o Procedures for determining compensation arrangements for traders engaged in underwriting or market making-related activities under  __.4 or risk-mitigating hedging activities under  __.5 so that such compensation arrangements are designed not to reward or incentivize prohibited proprietary trading and appropriately balance risk and financial results in a manner that does not encourage employees to expose the banking entity to excessive or imprudent risk. Business line managers.  Managers with responsibility for one or more trading desks of the banking entity are accountable for the effective implementation and enforcement of the compliance program with respect to the applicable trading desk(s)

  Board of directors, or similar corporate body, and senior management. The board of directors, or similar corporate body, and senior management are responsible for setting and communicating an appropriate culture of compliance with section 13 of the BHC Act and this part and ensuring that appropriate policies regarding the management of trading activities and covered fund activities or investments are adopted to comply with section 13 of the BHC Act and this part.  The board of directors or similar corporate body (such as a designated committee of the board or an equivalent governance body) must ensure that senior management is fully capable, qualified, and properly motivated to manage compliance with this part in light of the organizations business activities and the expectations of the board of directors.  The board of directors or similar corporate body must also ensure that senior management has established appropriate incentives and adequate resources to support compliance with this part, including the implementation of a compliance program meeting the requirements of this appendix into management goals and compensation structures across the banking entity

    Senior management. Senior management is responsible for implementing and enforcing the approved compliance program.  Senior management must also ensure that effective corrective action is taken when failures in compliance with section 13 of the BHC Act and this part are identified.  Senior management and control personnel charged with overseeing compliance with section 13 of the BHC Act and this part should review the compliance program for the banking entity periodically and report to the board, or an appropriate committee thereof, on the effectiveness of the compliance program and compliance matters with a frequency appropriate to the size, scope, and risk profile of the banking entitys trading activities and covered fund activities or investments, which shall be at least annually.  CEO attestation.  Based on a review by the CEO of the banking entity, the CEO of the banking entity must, annually, attest in writing to [Agency] that the banking entity has in place 

  71  processes to establish, maintain, enforce, review, test and modify the compliance program established under this Appendix and  __.20 of this part in a manner reasonably designed to achieve compliance with section 13 of the BHC Act and this part.  In the case of a U.S. branch or agency of a foreign banking entity, the attestation may be provided for the entire U.S. operations of the foreign banking entity by the senior management officer of the United States operations of the foreign banking entity who is located in the United States

